# Source code for the EPS 2018 paper/poster

_Regularization extraction for real-time plasma tomography at JET_
[Paper](http://web.tecnico.ulisboa.pt/diogo.ferreira/papers/ferreira18regularization.pdf)
[Poster](http://web.tecnico.ulisboa.pt/diogo.ferreira/papers/ferreira18regularization_poster.pdf)  
D. R. Ferreira, D. D. Carvalho, P. J. Carvalho, H. Fernandes, and JET Contributors  
[45th EPS Conference on Plasma Physics](https://eps2018.eli-beams.eu/en/), Prague, Czech Republic, July 2-6, 2018

## Files

* `geom.txt` and `kb5_los.txt` contain the geometry for the vessel and the KB5 lines of sight, respectively.

* `geom.py` contains some simple routines to read those geometry files.

* `tomo_kb5_reliable.hdf` contais the reconstructions that were used for data fiting; `bolo_kb5_reliable.hdf` contains the full KB5 signals for those same pulses.

* `fit_M.py` fits the *M* matrix using the full dataset; `fit_validate_M.py` fits *M* using 90% for training and 10% for validation.

* `train.png` and `valid.png` contain the computation graphs generated by Theano for the train and validation functions, respectively.

* `train.log` contains the loss and validation loss recorded during training.

* `plot_train.py` plots the loss and validation loss during (or after) training.

* When training finishes, *M* will be saved to `M.npy`.

* `plot_M.py` plots the regularization patterns found in the columns of M.

* `metrics.py` calculates SSIM, PNSR and NRMSE on the validation set, after *M* has been trained.

* `create_movie.py` generates a full-pulse reconstruction video for shot 92213.

* `92213_47.00_54.50.mp4` contains the generated movie.
